In the previous lesson,
you saw how we can use multiple linear regression to take
multiple explanatory variables both quantitative and categorical,
and use them all at the same time to predict a quantitative response variable.
In this lesson, we'll be doing something similar.
However, instead of predicting a quantitative response,
in this lesson we'll be predicting a categorical response.
One of the most popular techniques for doing this is logistic regression,
which you'll learn about in this lesson.
Logistic regression is a regression approach used to predict only two possible outcomes.
This can be predicting whether a particular credit card transaction is fraud or not,
whether an individual will click to our website or not,
whether an individual will default on a loan or not,
or anything else you might like to predict with only two outcomes.
Using linear regression, we were optimizing to
best predict a continuous numeric variable,
but here we want to correctly predict one of two possible outcomes.
We'll start by looking at how this changes the math and setting up our regression model.